# Title: DataBase Implementation Write Up
## Author: Deniqtrius Curry
### April 21,2018

In order to implement a database you have to have a good grasp on what application your going to be creating and how the database will be used in accordance with that application. For me i knew that i was going to be creating a social media application that was going to need a database to store all the information for everyone's accounts. So first i created a entity relationship diagram. To create a entity relationship diagram you need to brainstorm through all of the meaningfull subjects inside of application and break them down in to groups of three untill you cant break them down any further. Now the groups you have broken them into those will be your entity's. For every entity you have in your application you need to create relationship's with the other entity's. After you have done that you move ERD in to a logical design which basically means your transforming your entity's in to tables. Now each table in your logical design must contain a primary key and an unique ID. Then you need to connect all of your tables using lines that define the relationship. Once your logical design is finished now you have to move on to a physical design which is basically adding constraints to your tables. For example if you have a social media application you cant have a account that doesnt a username so in your physical design you would define that username can not be null. Once your physical design is finished now your ready to implement your database. I decided to use use SQL server management studio and all i had to do at this point was create the tables i had already in my physical design and add data to them. 