
 #   MSSA Term Project Write Up
## Author: Deniqtrius Curry
## Date: Feb 24, 2018

	For my first choice of a topic to choose for this project was a strategic game. I think this would be a great topic becuase you can be very creative. With a strategic game i know  that i have full control of everything that goes in to the game . Not only everything that goes in to the game but all of the rules that govern it. Which makes me really excited when im thinking of creating something. 
	When i think of writing a project i want something that defines me not only as a person but a computer programmer. I want to be able to user Graphical User Interface with any program i choose to create becuase the creativity aspect is there and it makes things alot more challenging. A messgaing system sounds pretty interesting as well i know that i would probably have to user visual studios to create this . I wouldnt make anything similiar to twitter becuase twitter seems to be pretty basic. A good messaging system would probably be like the application called KIK. Where  you make a profile and its basically like having someones phone number without actaully leting them have it. 
	An Enclyopedia sounded interesting at first but before i realized that i wanted to use a (GUI) or graphical user interface. But if i were to pursue this option i would do it by first creating a database. I would have the database inside of SQL server and then started creating a table. The table would contain as many defintions and synonyms of most of the english words in the dictionary. Which sounds like a pretty daunting task that i dont know if i woulds be satisfied with it after i was finished. 
	The final application i was really deeply considering creating would be almost simliar to a social media app. The application would be called DreamConnect and with this this application people who have dreams would be able to connect to each other and talk about these dreams. So for instance if you had a dream and you met someone in that dream that you dont particularly know you could go on to this app and type in the dream that you had. The application would then take the information and store it in to a database. An if someone else types in something similar in a certain period of time the database woud match you guys toogether. The database would be able to do this by having default keywords set inside of it and if those keywords match up then its a a match. This would be made through a graphical user interface.  